In the last lecture we added this plus button to be able to go to the edit recipe page.
Time to now work on this page and at this forum which allows us to edit a recipe we're going to spend
a lot of time in discompose And on this page now because a lot of things are happening on this page.
We do have more than just a couple of inputs.
We all need a way to add ingredients or remove them later to edit them to switch between the two different
modes new recipes or added recipes and so on.
What I want to start with is is actually retrieving data we're passing.
So this mode I will do this in the body of this type of class here of the edit recipe page.
And again I will start from scratch because I really like to have clean classes here to start with.
And I will start by retrieving the parents so I will inject the naff paradigms class your instance after
class and bind it to a property named Neph parents.
And now to retrieve what I could do this in the constructor but I can also do it in the engine in a
method.
I won't use this approach.
Just because I want to show an alternative and it's generally a good idea to do initialization tasks
in ngi on end though such a trivial one could also be done in the constructor.
So let's add the engine and add method here and then I will store demoed in a property here.
So MoJ should be a property and I will assign a default value of new so that if somehow we were not
to pass a value we would always start in a new recipe mode.
Nonetheless what I will do is I will assign the value I can retrieve from their parents.
And here I know I can use to get method and get my mode property because this is what I'm setting here.
When accessing this page and pushing it on the stage of paid on the stack of pages.
So if this I'm getting the mode in which I am and this is all I need for now I will revisit this engine
and that method later when we work on the edit mode because then of course we also somehow need to load
the recipe we're editing and so on.
So with all this let's now work on the template let's add the template for our form or get rid of the
component and the edit recipe method here or edit recipe page.
And then I will simply say recipe you're in the title and also output the mode there the mode by default
is new.
That's why I chose a capital and at the beginning or we'll have new recipe.
And if we have the edit mode we will show edit recipe because modes simply store as a string.
With that we get them the right header.
Now let's add a forum here again remove the action because we will handle it through Angler or two instead.
And then it will add an item list to store my different inputs.
And again I will simply output them in a list like way.
Now we need a couple of items here or a couple of inputs.
The first item will hold a normal and label as you saw it before which says tidal and hearable used
a floating style to have this label load up when we actually touched his input and start entering.
I will add up all normal ion input to this item and this will be of type text since it is for the well.
Hi Loftus Rosby.
So this is normal text and that's all for now.
I will revisit all those inputs later.
Now the second item in the list will all receive a label because I want to describe what should be entered
here.
This will be Diest description and I will use floating here too.
However now I'm not using an input but a new input element I end text area.
Now this is a wrapper to the normal text area element and it simply allows us to create multi-line text
no longer text ion text area doesn't need any additional configuration.
You could of course all the set up placeholder an important entry some default value here but I'll leave
it empty for now and I'll move on to the next input.
Again stored in an I an item to have it look nice in this list and there al-Bared and label which says
difficulty here.
I want to have a dropdown where you can select the difficulty of your recipe.
And again I will use float in here so that those labels all look nice.
Now how do we create such a dropdown.
Let's have a look at the official documentation.
Again there are a lot of components you can use now.
The dropdown is simply a select item here.
This is select as in a normal HVM l select element just with Iran in front of it.
And this will also work like a normal select element of normal H-G all code in the end.
Here you can see an example we will implement it together in a second.
Of course you could also look around if you find a different inport you prefer or you would like to
use but select really fits this purpose really well.
So here I will at and select component now to initialize such a dropdown like this.
And on the Select item I will do nothing for now.
Instead I will simply add an option and this is the option I want to present or I will have multiple
options.
Actually I could code by hand and have easy medium and difficult or hard difficulty here but I can also
store them in a property in these types of file here to have my select Options property let's say which
is an array where I have a couple of strings easy medium and hard like this.
And with these created here I can go to D I an option back to the template and I will use energy for
to dynamically create those options for the dropdown.
This I an option elements here and simply loop through all my select options.
This property I just created and stored the individual option in this option variable here.
And with that ends you for loop placed on the I an item I can now blind to the value property of that
an option element that I can I an option element and I do bind the option or extract from the array.
Keep in mind it's an array of strings.
So it's perfectly fine to find to bind to devalue property and it is the normal value property you would
also bind on a normal option element in vanilla aged Yamal and this is important for the background
so that each Jamail and therefore then you a Chalis cripplingly to knows which values stored here.
But I also want to output something for the user and that will output the very same since it already
is a very user friendly formatted string here you could of course all have two separate values.
Store a number here and store the user friendly string here and I'll put it here whatever you like with
this.
I'm initialising days dropped down with a couple of options and I think we can already have a look at
how this looks like.
So if we save this and let it recompile and we then go back to a running application let's visit this
page here's to dropdown and if I click on it this looks pretty good to me.
Now here we got a couple of difficulties to choose one.
As a side note if this is looking a bit blurry this is simply due to this emulator running on a low
screen resolution.
But here we get a couple of options and we can select options here.
OK.
And as you can see they are now stored here.
So that looks pretty fine.
However of course if we first visit this page you are seeing that this is empty no default value is
selected.
But that's something we'll work on when we start creating the forum using the reactive approach.
For now we created the basic part of these input your office template.
However a lot of things are still missing.
A way to add ingredients.
And of course a way to hook up this form.
Let's work on this step by step starting and the next lecture.